han solo:He's no good to me dead.
captain solo:Put Captain Solo in the cargo hold.
carbonite:What if he doesn't survive? He's worth a lot to me.
han solo:What if he doesn't survive? He's worth a lot to me.
rebelion:I have made contact with the Rebels and all is proceeding as you wished, Darth Vader.
the empire is:I take it you have no love of the empire.
jango fett:I’m a simple man making his way through the galaxy—like my father before me.
guarantee:I guarantee the safety of the child, as well as your own.
slave 1:Dad! I think we’re being tracked. Look at the scan screen! Isn’t that a cloaking shadow?
justice:There is no greater good than justice; and only if law serves justice is it a good law. It is said correctly that law exists not for the just but for the unjust, for the just carry the law in their hearts, and do not need to call it from afar.
slave 1:I have hostages now. If Bossk destroys Slave I, you die, too.
hyper space:Prepare to exit jump space.
contract:My loyalty is the contract.
ion cannon:Want to negotiate an ion cannon?
a dangerous:Good for you. The galaxy’s a dangerous place.
a light saber:Jedi weapon doesn’t make you a Jedi.
blaster down:I can put the blaster down but that won’t save you.
sensible:You can’t rule Mandalorians. You just make sensible suggestions they want to follow.
serum:I have the serum. We must leave quickly, friend.
help you:Maybe I can help you. I am Boba Fett. The ship you seek is nearby.
clone face:This is my face.
fetts armor:The armor was my father’s. Now it’s mine.
sarlacc:The sarlacc found me somewhat indigestible.
reality check:Reality doesn't care if you believe it.
bounty hunters:I'm the only bounty hunter that Voss'on't is really worried about
asking:I don't mind you asking, if you don't mind my not answering.
sex before marriage:Sex between those not married is immoral.
opinion on sex:Sex between those not married is immoral.
the empire will compensate you if he dies:*nods head*
fate:Fate sometimes steps in to rescue the wretched.
no disintegration:As you wish.
mandalorian armor:I don’t want your armor. I want my armor. It belongs to me.
can run:You can run, But you'll only die tired.
don't trust:I don't trust anyone. Keeps me alive.
seismic charge:Get him, Dad! Get him!
panna dragon:Settle down! All they do is eat.
mirta gev:Here's the deal. You break her heart, I break your legs.
bounty hunter's guild:I'm not restricted by the authority of your so-called Bounty Hunter's Guild. I answer to a higher
kessel:This isn’t a spice dream. I can see the imperial cruiser with my own eyes.
this is Podracing! Whoopee!:Sometimes it’s better to think rather than speak.
boba fat:disintegration it is!
boba bot:Maybe I can help you. I am Boba Fett. The ship you seek is nearby.
buffet:*muscles enlarge*
buff-fett:*muscles enlarge*
rule with respect:Jabba ruled with fear. I intend to rule with respect.
noble:I’m not being carried around the streets like a useless noble. 
lizard:I'm sorry, I think I swallowed it. It's a tricky little bugger.
gut shot:Take the black melon, it will help you recover.
black melon:It takes some getting use to, with time you will start to crave it.
is dead:There's an advantage to people thinking you're dead.
banthas:Find other banthas. Make baby banthas.
work for:Take it from an ex-bounty hunter, don't work for scugholes.
like a bantha:*Bantha Dancing*
Fennec shand:She was left for dead on the sands of Tatooine, as was I.
payback:Payback doesn’t pay.
chain code:I want you to take a look at something. My chain code has been encoded in this armor for 25 years. You see, this is me. Boba Fett. This is my father, Jango Fett.
sharpshooter:Because I have a sharpshooter up on that ridge with a locked scope that will unload by the time my body hits the ground.
nice shot:I was aiming for the other one.
hologram:It’s called a hologram. This is called a trap. And I’m calling you dead.